Maatra Helpers — Help Documentation;

I created these Hotstrings.exe libraries to tackle an issue with typing vowels in Indic scripts.

In the Devanagari alphabet, vowels can be written in 2 ways. The independent vowel forms and the maatra forms.
(https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/matra)
This creates a challenge when it comes to typing Indic scripts because it means we have to make some 4 separate key assignments.
(maatra, vowel, long maatra, long vowel)

In the computer programs I created to type Indic scripts, the vowel keys give us the maatra forms while pressing caps lock + vowel keys give us the independent vowel forms.
Pressing shift + vowel keys give us long maatra forms and pressing caps lock + shift + vowel keys give us independent long vowel forms.

This seemed like a good idea because Indic scripts are caseless so I figured out a method for using the Caps Lock key as an extra modifier key.

I created this computer program to facilitate this matter:
https://github.com/SalviaSage/Autohotkey-Scripts-Repository/tree/master/Typing%20Scripts/Holdable%20Caps%20Lock

This program makes the caps lock key behave just like the shift key, but it does not it make it a shift key programmatically.
Which is good, because we still need the shift key as a separate modifier key.

However, this makes it so that the maatras are typed at the start of words where the independent vowel forms would be.
For example, the typist would want to type उत्तर (uttar) , but would get ुत्तार instead.
This mistake would never be done if writing with a pen and paper.

In this scenario, this is done intentionally since the maatra and the independent vowels are treated as different letters by the computer.
And the computer has no way of telling where the start of words are and therefore, can not automate this matter. 

The typist would then have to press separate keys or press shift+key as described above in order to type independent vowel letters.
That itself is good in the sense that it gives us a manual way of typing whichever maatra or vowel letter that we want to type.
However, it indroduces the aforementioned problem where the maatra is used where it can not be used, most typically, being the first letter of a word.

I had the idea to address this issue in my mind for months and thought it could be automated.
However, It could not be a reality until I found out about the computer program Hotstrings.exe

So, what this custom library does is that it automatically detects and deletes the starting maatras and replaces them with their independent vowel forms.

There are twenty-three definitions in the Devanagari script and I like to think that it is an indispensable program for typing with Devanagari and other Indic scripts.

This custom library is based on the program found here: https://github.com/mslonik/Hotstrings
I am not the author of this program and that program is in active development as of writing this.
